Autobiography
Ready to read how proud someone is of themselves? Then you've come to the right place!
Biography
When being self-obsessed isn't enough, why not read all about the intimate details of someone else?
Comic
Re-live your childhood years by reading graphic about superheros, or just every day life in this interesting art medium.
Crime/Detective
Who killed Mrs. Peabody? Was it the butler? The maid? Some rich person that's bored (i.e. the rest of the house)? You'll have to read to find out!
Fantasy
When the real world isn't enough, escape to a far off land of complicated names that somehow always serves as a reflection of mankind.
Historical Fiction
Ever wondered, "Wouldn't it be cool if someone wrote a story of what it was like living in <insert period author didn't live during>"? So did these authors apparently.
Magical Realism
Also known as Realismo Magico, these stories depict what happens when the gentle hand of fate puts everything 'just right' for something magical to happen
Mystery
Not really sure how this is different from crime, but it's suspenseful nonetheless!
Mythopoeia
I don't actually know what this is but I imagine it is a mix of myth and something else. I'd buy a book--It sounds interesting!
Poetry
When life is too convoluted, why not spend time seeing how poets distill our complicated world into just a few lines?
Realistic Fiction
It's fiction, but it seems real! In other words, it's almost everything other than fantasy or folklore.
Scientific Fiction
Ever thought it would be really cool to do something impossible? In the world of SciFi, something is only impossible if you say it is.
Short Story
Not interested in a big commitment? Read a short story and leave with one or two interesting thoughts!
Textbook
Oh come on, who wants to actually learn? Go get a SciFi book!
Thriller
These short novels are just exciting enough to capture your attention until the book is finished, but they are quickly forgotten. So sad.
Western
Re-live the glamorized west during the settlement of the Great Frontier!